Happy New Year is a popular 183
It is the first video of Hayett 2014
It is here that I bought this when I went to Christmas before to introduce Inter this time
Yes
It is 50 here
Only tape around to still take
Yes it does not open Yes
I will try to open this together
Here Now I'd have become to feel something amazing that it makes no to any wind
Yes , it's already for fun New Year's Day
No
Eat osechi yesterday
Today is this
Yes
I would like to open the set of sweets
Something I'd like a that contains the various sweets
I'm getting a lot of heat
It's a bit black, so I have a strong cane, but I like this
Yes i ca n't just be here
I would like to open
Hmm
At first
I can not see it
There is something written
What is it like abc
What is written here is written
When I open it
Ah
Generation N
cookie
I wonder if it is a cherry blossom pattern cookie
Follow
Also here
It is Mickey wonder if this chocolate
Great package is cute, isn't it?
so
Oh my candy is orange
Yes some amazing package is cute here-
princess
Because I shoot while looking at the screen of that camera
See you in that high again
It is vivid and ugly
Hmm
No, It is the second stage after and here
I will open the second stage Yes
leisure
An
Great
Tiny
Happy New Year's Day to Open
Since Well a great horse year Tei New Year beneath opened over the horse
It is not
I 'm facing Hoares
Yes Mickey and Minnie
It is also amazing cute person to kimono over
Here maybe true
Waffle cookies here
Ato
4 This is a difficult wrote me less of a Happy New Year or I this is
It is written that tag chocolate
Price sounds good
Great
After maybe even this um
Because I will save the bag so cute
Yes New Year goods is also the first time that's to buy me for the first time saying this because I went to Christmas
is not it
So there's always a feeling of pounding, but it's always pretty
Still I realize that outside and inside will no longer disappoint expectations
Well once cute is not something
It's fun to share, and it's really fun anyway , with confidence and cute
Yes
Here was an introduction to
Next is this fantastic chocolate
We think that we want to open and are still second place here
Already
I'm not that girl's body
What sake
Something went like this for the
I just put it in the abyss.
Sorry
Yes we will open
Something
I thought it would be a pity I 'll open it at once
It was Okimashi the two only sweets taking
23 andme
Somehow it's Mickey is really cute live-action Koe
I love I like it more than I
Yes
The horizontal legs in such a feeling Meshi'
Sun Lance
I love the car of version + Mick I
I like this one more than the previous brush missy
cute
I'm always impressed I can be impressed regardless of how many times you look from anywhere
I will open this
Yes
Well Jan Oh
Ah ah ah ah physician
great
It's a photo shoot
goo
Wait
yeah
Are you in focus
I'll do without you Zhao Jun
Three big cute
I have something sparkling
It is what I described or become the softening dark
Really is made of magic is this costume
It is so cute like a costume
I think that now the typhoon's the middle a little
Good good
It is is more in the I but I got over rock out dirty
Oh these were simple Mickey form
Yes there was some curry , maybe this is normal chocolate , while you 're a woman or a hosaka
I hope you don't enter
cap
Yes, there are 10 chocolate milk chocolates written yes
It was such a feeling, but also the new year
I am happy to be able to recover those of Disney doing early this
Well quite because the next to go is spring
It's so long to go a little so I can't wait
Yes I want to look forward to eating such sweets now
Numbers Thank you for viewing in